Document how to use tags and branches when importing projects (#1030)
ARMmbed/Handbook: docs/tools/CLI/cli-create.md

Find more details on the `--source` switch in the [build rules documentation](../reference/mbed-os-build-rules.html).

### Importing a program

You can import an existing program by using the `mbed import` command.

```
$ mbed import https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os-example-blinky#mbed-os-5.11.0
[mbed] Working path "C:\dev" (directory)
[mbed] Importing program "mbed-os-example-blinky" from "https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os-example-blinky" at branch/tag "mbed-os-5.11.0"
[mbed] Adding library "mbed-os" from "https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os" at rev #6a0a86538c0b
```

> You can change what version of the program is imported by changing what comes after the `#` character. You may supply a commit hash, a branch name, or a tag name. If you do not provide any of these (nor the `#` character), the latest commit on the `master` branch is imported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify which version to import using `#` followed by a commit hash, a branch name, or a tag name. If you do not provide any of these (nor the `#` character), the latest commit on the `master` branch will be imported.
```

> A project is named after the last part of the URL by default. In the above example, a directory named `mbed-os-example-blinky` will be created to contain the imported program. If you wish to change the name of the project while importing, you can do this by supplying it as an extra positional argument:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A project's default name is the last part of the URL (excluding `#` and its value). In the example above, the imported program's project folder is `mbed-os-example-blinky`. To specify a different name, supply it as an extra positional argument in the import command. For example, to name your project `my-blinky`, run:
```

```
$ mbed import https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os-example-blinky#mbed-os-5.11.0 my-blinky
```

> In this case, a directory named `my-blinky` will be created instead.

Reviewer: Remove this line if you accept the suggestion above.

Author: It does appear to be missing, yes. That's a shame, perhaps I could jot something down quickly in this document.

> Running `mbed import` within an existing program will result in an error. If you wish to add a library to an existing project, you can use the `mbed add` command in a similar manner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<span class="tips">**Tip**: Running `mbed import` within an existing program will result in an error. To add a library to an existing project, use the `mbed add` command.</span>
```

Reviewer: So... we don't have `mbed add` documented, I think

Author: It does appear to be missing, yes. That's a shame, perhaps I could jot something down quickly in this document.

Reviewer: Go on, then. Go go go!
